♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪
=Shall We Dance=
=Episode 22=
Your Majesty.
The Grand Princess has
led her personal guards
and brought most
of the rebel forces under control.
All surviving rebels have surrendered.
Only the small band
of suicide soldiers led by Jia Yi
remains unaccounted for.
So Your Majesty and the Grand Princess
had already prepared a defence plan.
Even if I hadn't
taken you away last night,
Your Majesty had
already arranged a retreat,
is that right?
Yes.
You are indeed
the calculating emperor
that I once knew.
If I had struck to kill you,
would I have been
shot down
by a volley of arrows
from the shadow guards
trailing behind?
Believe it or not,
when you saved me yesterday,
I had no one by my side.
You could've died by my hands.
If I died by your hand,
I'd have no regrets.
Of course, I believe even more
that you would never kill me.
Why?
Because you're Xiao Man.
My Xiao Man.
Where is the Grand Princess?
She is waiting for Your Majesty
in the Imperial Study.
Trust me.
There's still time.
Aunt, you've worked hard.
You've borne so much worry for me.
We're family.
No need for formalities.
I didn't do this for you alone.
I did it for Great Qian
and its people.
And also...
Sun Gong.
I've discovered that Sun Gong
was in close contact with Jia Yi.
Jia Yi's rebellion is
tied to him without a doubt.
Let me
act on Your Majesty's behalf
and eliminate these traitorous rebels.
Aunt...
He isn't Sun Gong.
He's Zhen Muyu,
who disappeared years ago.
You're saying...
Sun Gong is Zhen Muyu?
Yes.
Aunt...
What's wrong?
Help, hurry!
Yes!
I'll leave the rest to you.
Decide for yourself.
Aunt...
Grand Princess!
Report!
Urgent report!
Your Majesty, victory at the border!
General Duanmu joined forces
with the Zhenzhe tribe
and crushed the foreign army.
Their commander was
shot dead by Mengmei.
Good.
Sun Gong's whereabouts
are unknown after the battle.
Investigation shows
Jia Yi and his suicide soldiers
are hiding in the former Zhen residence.
Our men have surrounded the place.
Your Majesty,
allow me to go
and persuade them to surrender,
to spare their lives.
Deliver my decree.
All troops are to hold position.
No arrows are to harm Jia Yi.
I will convince him to surrender.
Shangguan Qing,
bring the former Xiao troops
and come with me.
Yes, Your Majesty.
(To resolve this hatred,)
(I must face him myself.)
Chu Ying, you whelp.
I've been waiting for you a long time.
Jia Yi.
I've long known your true identity
and all your intentions.
I don't wish to cross blades with you.
Silence!
What a cursed fate...
(Xiao)
Soldiers,
hear me out.
I am General Xiao Congrong's daughter,
Zhen Mujun.
I know
why you chose to follow my uncle.
Take a good look at me
and at the elite soldiers behind me.
Do you recognise any familiar faces?
They are all former men
of the Xiao Army.
Do not turn your blades on one another.
I am Li Qing,
Deputy General of the Xiao Army.
I order you to lay down your weapons.
Chang Hong,
look at me.
Come here.
Han Zhenghao,
come here.
Lu Shilei,
Zhao Yongsheng,
come here.
I know resentment dwells in your hearts.
Let go of that hatred.
You are still the Xiao Army.
Still Great Qian's most loyal soldiers.
If any of you..
wish to surrender,
step forward.
The Xiao Army
swears loyalty to Your Majesty!
Stand down.
(Xiao)
Xiao Man...
You've truly disappointed me.
Uncle.
I can't lose Chu Ying,
and I can't lose you either.
Both of you
have been
an inseparable part of my life.
Jia Yi.
I understand the debt
of a father falls upon the son.
But what lies
between us isn't only hatred.
I will never forget that
when I was at my weakest
and loneliest,
it was you who protected me,
who drank poison in my stead.
You watched me grow up.
You gave my childhood
a glimmer of light.
I was never Jia Yi!
From the age of ten,
I had only one name.
Good boy.
Shall I give you a name?
Your brother is Zhen Xiujin.
So you shall be Zhen Xiuyi.
May you live the rest
of your days in peace and joy.
Zhen Xiuyi...
I am of the Zhen clan!
My name is Zhen Xiuyi!
Fine!
Zhen Xiuyi.
I now have the power
to clear the Zhen clan's name.
If you can only let go of this hatred...
Very well.
I'll let it go.
Xiao Man!
Quick!
The blade is poisoned.
Apply the antidote to her wound now!
Xiao Man!
I understand my uncle's nature.
I want to use my own life
to bring an end to this feud.
Enough...
Xiao Man...
I shall bring no more grievances to you.
All the grievances...
Uncle!
Xiao Man!
Let them end here with me.
Uncle!
Xiao Man!
Chu Ying.
You've always wanted to know
your mother's name.
Xiao Man's mother
told me in a letter back then.
Your mother's name was Ji Zhu'er.
Thank you, Jia Yi.
I'll take good care of Xiao Man.
Brother.
Sister-in-law.
I've already slaughtered
the old officials who fanned the flames
of the injustice against the Zhen clan.
I've avenged you both.
Why won't you answer me?
Did I do wrong?
I'm...
I'm Xiuyi...
I'm your boy!
Brother!
You were my only family!
Sister-in-law!
Take me with you!